[narrator]Previously on
Captain Tsubasa....
Facing incredible odds,
Tsubasa manages to get past
the entire Shutetsu lineup
to come face to face
with Genzo.
After the ball bounces
off the post,
Roberto steps in with
a perfect pass,
helping Tsubasa score a goal
with an amazing header.
[Genzo]
How could this be...?
I lost?
To that little kid?!
[Ryo]
I said a match!
We'll have to
play a match!
[narrator] Unwilling
to accept defeat,
Genzo issues a challenge
to Tsubasa
for the inter-school
tournament.
Impressed by
Tsubasa's performance,
Roberto offers to coach
the Nankatsu team,
and to prove his skills,
unleashes an amazing
overhead kick.
Let's do this!
[Roberto]He just saw
the technique once,
and he's already close
to getting it.
This kid is really
something else!
Huh? Missed it.
[Roberto]
At this pace, he'll learn
this new technique
in no time.
Go in!
[narrator]
After an inspiring
show of determination,
Tsubasa is finally
able to duplicate
Roberto's technique.
But now, they must
prepare to face
Genzo and his team at the
inter-school tournament.
Overhead kick!
Tsubasa...
-[Mrs. Ozora] Oh!
-Uh...
Oh
, hey...
What's going on, Mom?
Why are you covered
with my blanket?
[laugh]
Well, I wonder why
that is, Tsubasa...
[narrator]
A New Beginning
- for Nankatsu Soccer Club.
-[yawn]
You know, if you keep on
oversleeping so much,
it will become
a bad habit.
I'm just really
tired, Mom.
Hm...
Huh?
Well, go wash your face,
okay?
Aren't you excited
about tomorrow?
[Mrs. Ozora] You're starting
at your new school.
Oh yeah, that's right!
Everything worked out.
Right, Mom?
Well, it was a little bit
complicated...
all thanks to you.
[Mrs. Ozora] Since you
decided at the last minute
to attend
Nankatsu Elementary
-instead of Shutetsu.
-[laugh]
Yeah, I really just want
to go to Nankatsu...
We'll have
a real challenge...
at the inter-school
tournament!
With you on our
team, I think we
'll have
a really good chance.
I'm really excited
about this!
I made a promise
to my friends.
-[Tsubasa] Hey, Mom!
-What's up?
I'm really really glad that
we moved to this town, Mom.
That's great.
And since we are on
the subject of
new beginnings,
there is someone here that
would like to say hello...
Huh? [Mrs. Oz
ora] It's okay,
you can come in.
[gasp]
[Tsubasa]
Roberto Hongo!
Hey there,
good morning!
What's going on?When a
re we gonna
start training? Today?
-Slow down, Tsubasa.
-Huh?
[Mrs. Ozora]
This is from your father...
Roberto brought it
with him, Tsubasa.
What do you mean?
[Mr. Ozora]
Dear Tsubasa...
As you probably know,
Roberto is a fantastic
soccer player.
He was a star
in Brazil's national team.
We met some time ago
and I told him
all about you and
your love for soccer.
It's a fantastic
coincidence
that due to
unforeseen circumstances,
he will be living in
your town for a while
and has agreed
to help you train.
You have a chance to
learn from the best, son.
Take full advantage
of this opportunity.
I will be home soon...
- With love, Dad.
-"With love, Dad."
This is amazing.
Roberto Hongo is going to
be our coach!
So awesome!
Hey!
[Tsubasa]
How long have you known
-about this?!
-[chuckle]
[chuckle]
[laughing]
I think I scared your mother
when I showed up
this morning.
Really?
She threw a bucket of
cold water at me!
Well, he got here at
two in the morning.
What do you expect?
At two?!
Really, Roberto, I wish
you would have shown me
the letter as soon as
you got here.
[laugh]
I'm sorry about that.
Are you practicing
this afternoon?
Uh-huh.
Ryo said
he'll introduce me
to the rest of the team
later on today.
Oh, I see.
All right.
You can expect
a surprise from me then.
What? A surprise?
[laugh]
[Kenichi]
Seriously, guys...
I still can't believe
Genzo lost.
I know, it's incredible.
There is no way
the entire Shutetsu team
was defeated
by just one guy.
Well, it was just
the b-team,
but it's still
pretty incredible.
-[Ryo] Well, it's all true!
-Oh...
This kid is in
a whole different level.
You guys will see
what I'm talking about
when he gets here.
Hey, Ryo... Is tha
t little kid
you're talking about?
Huh?
[grunting]
-Oh...
Hey! Tsubasa!
How's it going, Ryo?
-[chuckle]
-Huh?
I'm really glad
you made it, Tsubasa!
Going up!
Ah!
Whoa!
[grunt]
-W
ow
-Nice move!
-[Tsubasa] Heads up, Ryo!
-Huh?
[yell]
I got it!
-[grunt] Oops...
-[sigh]
-How is it going, man?
-[chuckle]
I'm just really excited
that you are here.
But wait,
where is Roberto?
He said he'll be here later.
[groan]
Are those the guys
from the team?
Huh?
[c
huckle]
[Ryo] They look like
really good players,
-but they're really not!
-Ugh...
Not cool, Ryo!
Why're you trying
to embarrass us?
You're the worst one
in the whole team, man!
Show some respect!
I'm still your captain!
[Ryo]
In any case, things are rea
lly about
to change around here...
thanks to
our new star player!
It's nice to meet ya.
Nice to meet you too.
Listen, I'm
really grateful
that you helped us
get our field back.
I wish I would've
been there.
I wish I would've seen you
score that goal on Genzo.
I would've liked
to see that too!
Uh-huh.
-[Manabu] By the way...
-Huh?
Is it really true
what Ryo said?
That you're going
to join our team?
Hm...
-Uh-huh. Yes, I am!
-Ah!
That's right... I've already
transferred to Nankatsu.
We're going to be teammates.
-Ah!
[laughing]
-Let's go!
-Yeah, that's awesome!
I'm really happy you're
going to be in our team!
See guys...?
I told you, didn't I?
And on top of that,
a star player
from Brazil's national team
is going to be our coach!
-Huh?
-Whoa!
I'm telling you, guys.
Nankatsu's soccer team
this year
is going to totally rule!
-Yeah!
[Mr. Mikami]
Genzo...
How's your injury
coming along?
Don't you reme
mber you're
supposed to be resting?
I don't have
any time to rest.
I have to get ready.
The fact that no one
scored a goal on me
at the national tournament
made me over-confident.
That will not
happen again.
Don't let that kid
get into your head.
I'm afraid
it's too late for that.
If I can't stop him at
the inter-school tournament,
becoming national champion
last year
will mean nothing at all.
Hmm...
We'll start today's training
with a few laps.
Then pair up
to practice passing.
-Let's go!
-[group] All right!
[panting]
Tsubasa...
You wanna pair up with me
-to practice passing?
-Yeah!
[grunting]
[Ryo]
Say, Tsubasa...
Yeah?
There is something
I've been wondering
since I saw you
play yesterday.
How is it possible
that you're so good?
But I've never
heard of you
playing in a national
tournament before.
[Ryo] Didn't your old school
have a soccer team?
Uh-huh.
They did...
It's just that...
[Tsubasa]
It really wasn't too good...
Even with you there?
Uh-huh.
[Tsubasa] To be honest,
the problem was that
none of my teammates
really loved soccer.
[Tsubasa] Some of them
would quit practice
because it was too hard.
I guess you get that
with every team.
Everyone just wants to
take the easy way out.
But not everyone wants
to work hard for it.
Yeah... Some kids just
don't like to work hard.
But that's the whole point
of practicing, right?
Well, Tsubasa... You don't
have to worry about that.
All of us love soccer.
Right, guys?
-Yeah!
-We love it!
We definitely love it.
If we didn't,
we wouldn't even bother
taking a beating from
Shutetsu every year.
Hm...
Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Who are those guys?
-Huh?
Huh?What
are you guys
doing here?
You look surprised, Ryo!
Hanji!
Who are these guys?
That's the soccer team
from Nishigaoka...
[Manabu] It's a school from
our neighbouring town...
and they are
really really good!
We're here just as
we promised we'd be.
What promise are
you talking about?
Don't tell me
you forgot already?
You were practically
begging us
to have a practice match
with us.
What...?
[Roberto]
Hi, guys!
[Ryo]
Hey, Roberto!
This friendly game
was my idea, guys...
[Ryo] And why would
you do that
without letting us know?
-Plus, you're late!
-[laugh]
What?!
Is that Roberto Hongo?
Uh-huh.
But wait... It looks like
he's been drinking...
Are you sure
that's really him?
What are you guys
talking about?
Don't you recognize him?
He's a super star player
that has been all over
the news lately!
Are you for real?
[Masato]
Are you sure he's okay?
It looks like he's been
drinking all day.
Don't let first impressions
fool you.
This guy's the real deal!
Is this the surprise
you were talking about?
-A match against these guys?
-That's right!
You guys really are
a disgraceful team.
-What did you say?
-Your coach is
just some drunk guy.
Roberto is--
Huh?
Uh-uh.
Uh...
Listen... Even though
he looks
different now...
He really is
a professional player
from Brazil's national team.
Are you serious?
[player 1]
He was in
the spotlight for a while,
but he suddenly disappeared.
Let's get ready, guys!
Probably because
of all the drinking...
Might be...
[growl]
You losers sure
picked a winner
-for a coach!
-Uh?
It's no wonder all
you failures lost 30 to 0
when you played
against Shutetsu.
What?!
-30 to 0
?
-Wow!
[chuckle]
Listen, guys, if we want to
take Shutetsu down
during the tournament,
we have to make sure
we score way more
goals than that.
[laugh]
Piece of cake!
You better watch
your big mouth!
We're gonna make you
take that back!
Did they really beat you
30 to 0?
Well... Yeah...
Tsubasa! I'm counting on you
to help me shut them up!
-Are you ready?
-Sure!
All right then!
Let's get started...
We better hurry up
before it gets dark.
What are you talking about,
crazy guy?
It's just noon!
All right, guys.
Let's think about
what our game plan
is going to be today.
Before any of that...
-What about that booze?
-Huh?
[Ryo] You can't have that
out here in the field!
[laugh]
Sorry about that.
[growling]
Don't just hide it
in your pocket.
You're supposed to throw it
in the garbage!
But that would be
such a waste.
I just bought this bottle.
[growling]
You're just going to
embarrass the whole team!
Just calm down, Ryo.
Hey, by the way, guys...
Who is going to be
the team's captain?
Well, you could say that
I am the captain.
Really? Since when?
We never voted on it.
What are you
talking about?
I've always been
the captain of this team!
Very well, Ryo...
But don't forget... Yo
u're responsible
for guiding your teammates.
No problem, I got this!
You always say
the same thing...
...but all you do
is run around.
That's enough out of you!
Stay positive...
The captain has to make sure
the rest of the team
is motivated.
-Yeah!
-Roberto...
So what's our game plan
gonna be?
Hmmm,
that's a good question.
-Huh?
-I don't know yet.
I want to start by seeing
at what level
each of you are.
This friendly game
will be perfect for that.
[Roberto] I'll be paying
close attention
to what each of you
needs to improve.
Give me your best effort.
-All right!
Uh-huh.
Tsubasa...
What's up, Roberto?
Don't forget.
Treat the ball
as your best friend.
Huh?
[chuckle]
[Roberto]
This is a beautiful sport.
You must play
it with love.
Uh-huh.All ri
ght, guys,
let's do this!
-Yes, Coach!
Hey, ref... Let's have
a great game today!
I'm sure we will.
[snicker]
Very well...
This friendly match between
Nishigaoka and Nankatsu
is about to begin!
[referee]
20 minutes per half.
Nishigaoka will kick off!
[chuckle]
[whistle]
[grunt]
Huh?
[Hanji]
Who is that kid?
I don't remember seeing him
with Nankatsu before.
Whatever. He won't make
a difference against us.
All right, guys!
Let's make sure we score
over 30 goals!
-Let's go!
-Yeah!
He's making fun of us.
[yelling]
What?!
Nice pass!
[scoff]
What's the matter, Ryo?
-Nervous?
-[growl]
Come on, guys,
play some defense!
[panting]
Uh...
[chuckle]
Hanji!
-[grunt]
-Oh...
-[panting]
-[grunt]
-Oh!
That's just embarrassing.
You losers are going to
have to do way better than that
if you really expect to
have a chance against me.
[grunt]
Huh?
-Whoa!
-No way!
Nice job, Tsubasa!
Awesome!
Let's go!
Huh?
[Ryo] Tsubasa,
what are you doing?
You're going towards
our own goal!
[Ryo]
Tsubasa!
-[chuckle]
-Huh?
Get ready!
Here it comes!
[whistle]
That's awesome!
Who is this kid?
[cheering]
-All right!
-Yeah, Tsubasa!
-Great shot!
-Well done!
-That was awesome!
-That's the way
-you play the game!
-You're the best, man!
-Welcome to the team!
-Wonderful!
We did it, you guys!
[cheering]
-Thanks, man!
-That was really amazing!
No way!
This kid is really good!
-[Tsubasa chuckling]
-I've never seen him before.
[player 1]
He must be new at Nankatsu.
[Ryo] Well, come on, guys!
The game's not over yet!
-[player] Let's go!
-[player] Yeah!
Whoa!
-[chuckling]
-[cheering]
Awesome!
We're still only down
by two.
We can still come back!
Oh, it's that kid again.
[grunt]
Huh?
Uhh...
[growl]
Huh? No, wait!
Uhh...
[Kenichi]
I'm sorry.
What's that kid's name?
His name is Kenichi.
Hmm...
Come on!
Kenichi!
[grunt]
Whoa! I got it!
Listen... Just stay calm and
everything will be okay.
Uhh...
-[Tsubasa] Kenichi!
-Huh?
I'm open!
[grunt]
You won't get past me!
[yelling]
Where did it...?
Nice pass!
Ah! [Hanji]
He has a clear path
to the area.
-Somebody attack him!
-You guys watch this!
[grunt]
[sigh of relief]
Oh man!
It's alright, Ryo.
That was pretty close.
Thank you!
[Ryo] Guys, let's keep
pushing forward...
-Just follow my lead!
-[Manabu] Are you sure?
Or do you mean follow
Tsubasa's lead, right?
[Ryo] Whatever!
Just listen to your captain!
It's truly incredible.
[Genzo]
So much talent...
He
's taken this team to
a whole new level.
Thanks to him...
Nankatsu
is playing
better than ever!
Just watch him!
As long as we don't
let him move,
we can still win!
Forget about
the other players.
[growling]
[Hanji] Attack him
all at the same time
if you have to.
Just make sure
you don't let him pass
or score another goal!
[player 1]
All right!
[grunt]
[grunt] -I'm not l
etting you pass.
-Let's go!
Hey, Tsubasa, I'm open!
[grunt]
Huh?
Tsubasa!
Get ready!
Huh?
-Here comes the cross.
-[grunt]
All right... I got it!
Go, Ryo, make it count!
Go, Ryo!
Uh...
-[panting]
-[grunt]
[grunt]
He scored!
He did it!
[grunt]
[gasp]
I can't believe it.
[groaning]
Oh, that really hurts!
Huh?
[Ryo]
I...uh...
I...
I scored...
I scored a goal!
[whistle]
That's the end
of the match!
[cheering]
[Ryo] Oh yeah!
We won!
[Tsubasa]
We did it, you guys!
[laughing]
Well done, you guys!
Yeah! Tsubasa!
We won this game,
all thanks to you!
Don't forget it was you
who scored the last goal, Ryo!
But actually...
It really was all a team effort.
[cheering]
-We won!
-Wow! [laugh]
That was awesome!
-Yeah!
-You were really great!
I can't believe
we lost to Nankatsu...
And it's all because
of that new kid.
This is all your fault,
Tsubasa!
[Genzo]
Tsubasa...
I can't wait to face you at
the inter-school
tournament.
[cheering]
[Roberto]
So...
Now that I've seen
you all play,
I know what
we have to work on.
[laughing]
[Roberto]
But most importantly,
you've become friends...
and on your way
to becoming a great team.